have you seen the price of Bitcoin gold
and stocks going through the roof how
can you tell if this is a bubble or not
in today's video I'll explain exactly
how you came here for the truth so let
me unveil that for you I'm going to look
at not the PE ratios and The Price to
Book price to sales and the conventional
ways that a traditional analyst would
look at stocks you can do that stuff and
I'm not saying that you shouldn't but in
today's video I'm going to explain the
unconventional ways so that we can get
an alternate view of that same type of
information now when you look at price
to earnings ratios this is important of
course you want to analyze a stock you
want to look at the numbers just like
somebody like waren Buffett would do
they're looking at the balance sheets of
all these companies numbers are
important to some degree but as he says
you don't want to look at the earnings
as in uh ebitda or ebit
TDA that's the BS kind he says you want
to look at the numbers in an actual real
sense but I want to look at other things
as well the things that are not going to
necessarily show up on the balance
sheets on PE ratios so that we can get a
very balanced view of what's going on so
let me get into it here's the first
thing social media sentiment and hype
monitoring social media platforms and
forums can give insight into investor
sentiment and hype around the stock
excessive hype not supported by
fundamentals May indicate overvaluation
as it suggests that the price is being
driven more by speculators than the
actual underlying financial performance
let's take for instance the extreme
example to prove a point we have all of
these dog cryptos dog cryptos not
functional things not actively you know
useful things that people are pouring
literally billions of dollars into
remember nfts in 2021 these things were
hot this was going crazy and I was told
many times that you would need to own
real estate next to Snoop Dog or you
would be falling behind that digital
real estate next to Snoop Dog is going
to be the most valuable thing and it was
going crazy the prices of these things
that are valueless today are you know at
at that time they were just going up and
up and up and they were trading hands
and people were buying it and you know
all the celebrities they were getting
into buying these you know apes or
whatever they're called and it was
pixelated images jpegs but oh it was
limited in quantity just because
something is limited in quantity doesn't
give it a value it doesn't work like
that it needs to have some level of
value to begin with you can't just say
well there's you know there's only one
of these pieces of sand here's a piece
of sand there's only one like it and so
you got to pay me a lot of money for it
it doesn't really work that it has to
have some sort of intrinsic value into
it and that's where things started to
get real wacky but of course you pump
cash in like you do in 2020 extreme
example and you will create this madness
so the hype is there now that yeah
that's an extreme example but it gives
us a look at that let's break break it
down a little further all right insider
trading activity observing the buying
and selling activities of a company's
insiders can offer some clues about its
valuation if insiders are selling their
shares in large amount it might signal
that they believe the stock is
overvalued however if insider trading
you you look at this right it it needs
to be viewed with a lens like okay just
because insiders are selling well you
know uh they may sell shares for reasons
unrelated to the company's performance
and a lot of times if you look at this
by the way I have a video that breaks
down how to do this but you can see all
of The Insider buys and sells and what
you'll see often times is like the CEOs
and the higher level people they get
compensated like their salary might be
okay let's just say but then they get
compensated if the stock hits certain
prices where they get a lot of cash like
it'll be 10 million there it'll be 20
million there uh leather jacket man from
Nvidia was a recent example of this and
so he was getting 13 million 13 million
there 23 million whatever it was I I
covered it on a previous video and so
you see that you you do tend to see that
that's different than somebody just
going on saying okay hurry up as the
stocks were going up we saw this in 2020
time frame all these stocks that should
never have been going up pelaton all
that the Insiders were selling off
because they realized look it shouldn't
be at this price let me just sell off
I'm going to reap the rewards of this
bubble and they did okay and so that's
the difference so I have a video on my
channel um something to effect if you go
to the uh playlists on my channel you
scroll down there's one something to the
effect of what insiders find out what
insiders like Jeff Bezos are doing with
their stocks okay so that's that and of
course you've seen insiders like Jeff
Bezos sell $8 billion in I think a
matter of two weeks 8 billion worth uh
so it significant
amount comp uh pairing market
capitalization with addressable market
now hang on don't I don't want to lose
you yet just look at this estimating the
total addressable market for a company's
products or services and comparing this
with the company's market capitalization
can provide a sense of overvaluation if
the market cap significantly exceeds the
realistic Revenue Potential from the 10
the stock might be overvalued so what
I'm saying here is this think about how
Global this company can be who do they
sell to now and can they expand to New
Markets so you take the example Warren
Buffett's lovely example of
Coca-Cola now they're selling in all
these different countries but what if
one country decides to open their doors
and they say we want your products
because they're a closed country before
they couldn't get it now suddenly
they're you know open well that's a new
market for them other example of this
could be in the you know with China you
do see closing down in some cases you
see Chinese going and going after
instead of the iPhone which the sales
have been down quite a bit they're
choosing Huawei they're doing that for
different reasons but it shows us how
big is this Market it's not just well
the company's really big well they have
markets all around the world potentially
and that's a good thing if they are a
digital product they could be sold
globally if they're a physical product
are there any restrictions on this
product maybe it's something that just
doesn't driive well with that particular
country so keep that in mind there are
also tariffs these things can affect
these companies and so we should be
paying attention to that know how Global
like obviously if this thing could be
bought like a Coca-Cola product whether
it's like that stuff or whether it's
water or whatever that they sell could
that be marketed to 8 billion ion people
or at least many billions of people yeah
absolutely right there's there's
probably Coca-Cola whether it's black
market or not in every single country in
the world it wouldn't surprise me uh but
looking at it you got to know that some
stuff just just wouldn't fit all
right here we go stock price reactions
to news watching how a stock price
reacts to the news can indicate
sentiment overvalued stocks might show
only modest gains or even decline LS on
positive news suggesting that
expectations are already high and
positive news is already priced in we do
see this from time to time where stocks
are simply pushed to the edge we were
waiting for this buy the rumor sell the
news keep an eye out for that as well
okay because that's something that needs
to be understood changes in short
interest a significant increase in short
interest that's the total number of
shares of stock that have been sold
short and not yet covered might indicate
that investors are betting against the
stock believing it to be overvalued not
that's not the only reason this is H
happening of course uh we've seen this
before but that's one possibility High
short interest can signal skepticism
about a Stock's current valuation and
you can see this for free by the way you
don't need to pay for that there are all
kinds of websites like even market watch
will give that to you and you could just
type in short interest on stocks into a
search engine and you'll get that um it
can be very high like you you'll see
extremely high numbers sometimes and
it's very fishy like what's going on um
but that's the case for short interest
and we have market and sector
performance comparisons comparing a
Stock's performance with that of its
sector or broader Market can sometimes
reveal overvaluation if a stock has
significantly
outperformed its sector or the market
without clear justification from
fundamentals it may be overvalued so
when we look at one stock let's just say
we're looking at um you know it could be
car companies and they're selling
roughly about the same amount of cars
and they're profit you know it's
approximately the same amount but one is
like way outperforming the other and you
got to look at it like what what exactly
is making it do that and is that a
justifiable thing or maybe this is just
a little bit of hype so you got to start
comparing bringing it down Apples to
Apples right down to the look within it
and start to compare okay really
important to do that I think it's um
something that people don't do and and
when you're looking at PE ratios and
things it's not it's going to leave that
out you're going to compare it
accurately historical valuation Trends
analyzing a Stock's historical valuation
ratios like PE Price to Book price to
sales overtime can reveal if its current
valuation is out align with historical
Norms a stock trading in the high end of
historical valuation might be considered
overvalued especially if there hasn't
been a corresponding Improvement in
fundamentals so those numbers are
important okay but you got to take it
with everything else you have to have
this holistic view of when you're
looking at the stock market I think it's
really important you don't necessarily
want to just sell every uh oh the you
know the media is hyping it I better
jump out necessarily no but you can
certainly trim a bit off the top you can
search ly HED your bets and you don't
need to go more into something if I'm
dollar cost averaging I've been doing
that for a year you don't necessarily
need to continue that if you think it's
overvalued maybe just kind of just wait
and see where things go always be
cautious measure twice cut once this is
a thing that I live by all the time so
these are some unconventional ways this
basically applies to everything we want
to know how much hype is surrounding
something look at what happened with nft
an extreme example look at
cryptocurrencies where we had these dog
coins that were going crazy and guess
what the same thing is happening now
where these dog coins are doing well I
don't want to see that I want to see
strength I want to see that billions
those billions of dollars that are in
whatever all these silly coins put them
into the you know the the Bitcoins of
the world like that would make it
stronger that would make things better
but instead is diluted amongst all these
others out there there the nfts there
could be some solid fundamental things
like you could use that to verify so the
company you buy anything is it is it
legitimate is it verifiable oh it has
the certificate can you fake the
certificate yeah they fake the
certificates uh okay well what if I had
an nft associated with that and then you
could verify it wow okay great that's a
good useful thing buying real digital
real estate next to Snoop Dog sorry
uh not not the most useful thing okay so
that's what I say if you have any
comments on that let me know down below
all right I want to thank you for being
here hit that thumbs up button on the
way out and if you're interested in the
depth of the depth Link in the
description you got to be able to check
out the finance Friday I know you'll
love it all right I'll see you on the
next one take care